Also publish a :debug docker image (#172)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: docs/setup/with-docker.md

Now you can connect to the running server with any client. For a quick
start, try [creating accounts and transfers in the Node
CLI](../usage/node-cli).

## Debugging panics

If TigerBeetle panics and you can reproduce the panic, you can get a

> better stacktrace by switching to a debug image (by using the `:debug`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
better stack trace by switching to a debug image (by using the `:debug`
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
